So let's go ahead and deploy that application.
I go to udacitychange,
I right-click on it, I go to deploy.
Now, I'm able to take this application and deploy it into the AWS Cloud.
Now, I'm going to go through and look at this in the AWS Cloud console.
Now that I've got the AWS console open,
I'm going to again go ahead and search for Lambda.
Click on that and I have my trick that I do where I look at the last modified,
I toggle by that,
and I can see that udacitychange here.
This was modified just recently.
Now, if I go and I look at this udacitychange function,
I can scroll down here and see that API Gateway is
now configured to work with my function.
I also have CloudWatch log.
So if I scroll down,
I can see this function in action.
It's the exact same code.
Now, what I"m going to do is I'm going to test this out locally as well.
So I'm going to go through and make another test function and we'll
call this one udacitytestchange.
I'm going to go through here and just put in the same contract that I did before.
Amount $1.89.
Here we go. Now, I go ahead and I save this.
Now, I have a saved payload.
I test it and I get a response back exactly what I expected.
A JSON base response.
So this is actually pretty powerful, but there's even more.
What we're going to do is now I'm going to scroll down
here and look at the input that was actually created for me.
If I scroll all the way down to the very bottom here,
I can see that the API Gateway is actually selected.
If I click on API Gateway.
You can see that there's a URL that's actually been given to me.
I could go back to my Cloud nine environment and actually test it out from there.
Now that I have this URL,
what I can do is I can take this URL and I could go back to
my Cloud nine environment and actually test it out from there.
So I'm going to go back to my Cloud nine environment.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to open up this shell
here and I'm going to look inside of my udacitychange app.
Inside of there, there's a virtual environment that's automatically created.
So I'm going to source it. Source venv/bin/activate.
Then if I type in which Python,
you can see that the Python is actually going to be inside of this virtual environment.
If I say which python3,
you can see this python3 is actually in the environment that I sourced.
Now, if I type in pip3 install ipython,
it'll actually install that ipython terminal inside of this shell environment.
I'm going to make it a little bit bigger.
Now, I'm going to type in the ipython shell.
I can even do a pip install from here.
I can say pip install requests.
Now that the request is installed,
I can actually go ahead and import requests.
There we go. Now what I can do is I can actually make a request call to that URL.
So I'm going to state that as a variable first. Here we go.
Now, I can say result is equal to requests.post (url, json).
Again, we'll do the same thing.
We will actually add a json payload here.
In this case, it'll just be a python dictionary.
We'll say amount do a string, also do $1.23.
Here we go. We'll return.
Add an ending quote and I'd say result.json().
That's pretty powerful. So I was able to call that
remote API and this was running on AWS.
So really the round-trip here is pretty incredible.
How quickly you can write code,
test it, deploy it,
get a real URL,
and actually get a production micro-service running that you can actually run yourself.